are now over 200 factors that impact
google's seo so although anchor text may
not seem like a huge deal you can
optimize it for seo and boost your
rankings here are some tips if you want
to rank for keywords like little baby
boy onesies you want to make sure your
link text includes the keywords but
here's the thing if all your link texts
include the keywords baby onesies it may
seem over optimized and it actually
hurts your rankings and your rank lower
over time you did this for what why not
so some of your links should say click
here learn more or even contain your
brand's name the next tip i have for you
is avoid sentence long anchor text it
confuses the readers and they're less
likely to click through when you get
links you don't want them just to help
with your seo you want them for that
referral traffic so also drive sales
next it's all about relevancy if i'm
selling baby onesies i want to make sure
that the sites linking to me are about
clothes or babies or even both now you
have it that's how you increase your seo
through anchor text